sample: bluetooth: Document Peer Manager section of samples (#823)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: samples/bluetooth/ble_hrs/README.rst

     - Supports storing of pairing information (bonding data).
   * - LE Secure Connections
     - Enabled
     - Supports LESC pairing.
   * - MITM protection
     - Disabled
     - Man-in-the-middle protection not required.
   * - Keypress notifications
     - Disabled
     - No keypress events are sent during passkey entry.
   * - I/O capabilities
     - Display only
     - Determines local I/O capability, actual pairing method depends on negotiation with peer.

This sample configures the following services and their characteristics with these specific operation modes and security levels:

+----------------------------+------------------------+-------------+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Service                    | Characteristic         | Operation   | Required security level | Effect                                                                                               |
+============================+========================+=============+=========================+======================================================================================================+

> | Heart Rate Service         | Body Sensor Location   | Read        | Open, no security       | Any connected device can read where on the body the sensor is worn, for example the chest or wrist.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Heart Rate Service         | Body Sensor Location   | Read        | Open, no security       | Any connected device can read where on the body the sensor is worn.  |
```

Author: Ok, fixed

+                            +------------------------+-------------+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                            | Heart Rate Measurement | Notify      | Open, no security       | Any connected device can subscribe to periodic heart rate measurement notifications.                 |

Reviewer: Perhaps
```suggestion
|                            | Heart Rate Measurement | Notify      | Open, no security       | Any connected device can subscribe and receive periodic heart rate measurement notifications.                 |
```

Author: fixed

> |                            | Heart Rate Measurement | Notify      | Open, no security       | Any connected device can subscribe to periodic heart rate measurement notifications.                 |

Reviewer: Heart Rate Measurement characteristic at the top.

Author: fixed
